what do you know about family
misfits out was when you came from
everywhere it's a point of no return
you're looking for forgiveness
Redemption
my brother dragged me through a field
they were that convinced I wouldn't be
I told you
there's the men downtown
but you keep banging
have you heard of the Danish brawlers I
need you to find me a Christian
Louboutin and these guys are your
brother's gang what do you plan to do
tie up some loose ends
[Music]
but I didn't see this coming it won't be
anything like you think you're preparing
for oh my life people have been under
estimating me being underestimated is
the greatest advantage you can have over
any people
still trying to figure you all I feel
like I was pretty clear
[Music]
[Applause]
you